Improve intro (#35)
pyvista/pyvista-tutorial: tutorial/02_mesh/README.rst

.. _mesh:

What is a Mesh?
===============

Learn about the PyVista data types and how you can use it to visualize almost anything. (15 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)

.. tip::

uide/what-is-a-mesh.html>`_

>     chapter of the User Gui

Reviewer: This is causing the build to fail

> uide/what-is-a-mesh.html>`_
>     chapter of the User Gui

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This section of the tutorial was adopted from `What is a mesh? <https://docs.pyvista.org/user-guide/what-is-a-mesh.html>`_
    chapter of the User Guide in the PyVista documentation.
```
